# Listing Pratice(EN)
## 一
- Title： ~~**Fushing Crystal Glass Beads, Crystal Curtain, House Full of Romance, Han Style, Meter,  Full-set Threading(Meter),  Transparent,Purple,Violet**~~ （[Brand]+[Material]+[Name]+[Model Name、Category Name]+[Size]+[Color]）
- Title：**Fushing Multicoloured Han Style Crystal Glass Beads Curtain Stands for Romance**

- Bullet Points：
    * This romantic butterfly bead curtain uses special plastic film rust steel wire line, is sturdy, don't worry about security issues
    * Be made of high quality crystal glass beads,Smooth and sparkling, no fading and blackening
    * Perfect for home, party, wedding or christmas decoration to catch sunlight and light
    * Can be customized
    
- Product Description： 
    - The materials are all true crystal glass material, tasteless non-toxic, even for the baby is harmless
    - There are various colors to choose from, you can choose corresponding tonal depending on the style of decoration in the room, and do not show abrupt
    - The butterfly style of crystal bead curtain can make whole room full of romantic atmosphere 
    - The romantic butterfly model, gently touch, like a butterfly, let a person produce a sense of return to nature, make the person feel better
       
## 二
- 标题： **Fushing Glass Bead, Crystal Curtain, Five-elements Geomancy Gourd, Modern&Minimalism, Meter Yellow、Purple、White**
- 要点：The geomancy curtain means money drawing, lucy, fortune.
- 描述：
    - The gourd is extremely close to shape and tai chi Yin and Yang, is in geomantic go up to also have the evil spirit.
    
### 三
- 标题：**Fushing White Crystal, Crystal Pendant, Light-fixture, European Style, 15g，38mm each, True-color**
- 要点：The wedding decoration crystal pendant has a octagon bead and a colorful bead pendant of 38mm 
- 描述：
    - This kind of lamp uses grinding process, polishing, surface is smooth and tidy, not cut clothes and skin。
    - The materials are all true crystal glass material, tasteless non-toxic, even for the baby is harmless。
    - It is in the form of a supplement of octagon beads pendant by design, its modelling is more elegant, more close to wedding atmosphere。
    
### 四
- 标题：**Fushing White Crystal, Crystal Faceted Beads, Light-fixture, European Style, 52g, White**
- 要点：The crystal bead curtain lamp accessories with 4 layers, a total of 32 cut surfaces, all hand grinding polishing, no broken, no scratch, no wire。
- 描述：
    - This product can be processed into various style according to your demand。
    - This product is pure manual grinding and polishing, the surface is smooth, no broken, no scratches, don't have to worry about accidentally injure clothes and skin。
    - Wide range of uses, can be used for crystal lighting accessories, crystal bead curtain pendants, crystal jewelry hair accessories and other accessories。
### 五
- 标题：**Fushing Color Crystal Glass Competitive Products, Crystal Chains, European Style, 65g, True-color**
- 要点：The true color crystal string package, is a first-class ticket crystal accessories, highlighting polishing, 7 color octagon bead + crystal ball pendant + gold plated stainless steel ring, a single package
- 描述：
    - Its total height is about 22cm, net weight is about 65g。
    - This product can be processed into various style according to your demand，1 octagon bead+pendants，2 octagon beads+pendants，6 octagon beads+pendants，or other styles。
    - It's packaged by a crystal snow pear paper, a bunch of crystal chain with a bubble bag。





